Adds vault role to JWT claims if specified in jobspec (#19535)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/concepts/workload-identity.mdx

}
```

> Workload identities for Vault services have an additional claim for
> [`vault.role`][jobspec_vault_role] if role is specified in the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workload identities for tasks that use Vault have an additional claim for
[`vault.role`][jobspec_vault_role] if a role is specified in the job.
```
